Fix some doc issues. (#217)
Quansight-Labs/uarray: docs/libauthor_docs.rst

The process that takes place when the backend is tried
------------------------------------------------------

> First of all, the backend's ``__ua_convert__`` method is tried. If returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, the backend's ``__ua_convert__`` method is tried. If this returns
```

> :obj:`NotImplemented`, then the backendis skipped, otherwise its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:obj:`NotImplemented`, then the backend is skipped, otherwise its
```
